brother
You are really using me
Ask you again
And where is ruthless?
You can grow up.
You can't bear to let me suffer a little grievance
I thought you really loved me
Let him go, I don't want your false mercy
Tell me about Murong Xuance
Do anything for power
Even his own sister uses
He won't give birth
My brother, he identified with the magic cult
What he believes
Never because of sadness
You really know him
It doesn't matter if you don't say it.
I will rescue Ji Wujin with my own hands
As for what happened to you and your sister
You should know
Death is not repentant
I really thought your master would come to save you
Cult Master, the magic work has been completed
The World Overlord Sacrifice is in the bag
All of you here today
Like me, like my Murong family
It will all be a dead end
Even if it drags your sister down
Is it okay to let him lose his life in vain?
Kill or cut whatever you want
Good declaration
hands-on